[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now though we've made a
little bit of progress,
let's talk about previewing
and publishing the experience.
In-page experiences can
be previewed at any time
during design to see
how they will appear.
Previewing is nice
because you can
see the experience without any
of the gallery UI elements.
To preview an in-page experience
from the Experiences page,
select an experience
and then click Preview.
Or if you're editing an
experience from the top right
of any page, click Preview.
A desktop preview will
open in a new browser tab.
The dropdown list in the
upper left of the page
can be used to preview the
experience on a desktop,
tablet, or mobile device.
You can also preview the
before play, playing,
and after-play
experience states.
When things look good, you
can publish the experience.
To publish an experience, you
need to edit the experience,
click Publish and Embed,
and then click Publish.
Whenever changes are
made to an experience,
the changes must be
published so they
appear out on the experience.
When you publish, embed
code will be generated.
The embed code is
what is required
to display the experience
on your website page.
Two types of embed code will be
generated, the recommended code
and the no JavaScript version.
The recommended code should
be used in most cases.
This will display the
experience inside of a div tag
on the page.
This code is required
to allow the experience
to resize itself and
behave in a responsive way.
The no JavaScript code will
display the experience inside
of an iframe tag on the page.
This should be used when scripts
are not allowed on the page.
For example, when you're
integrating with a CMS.
A shareable URL will
also be generated.
This can be shared with
others so that they can
preview the experience as well.
Let's go ahead and preview
and publish our experience.
I'm going to edit my experience.
Like we said earlier,
previewing allows
you to view the
experience without any
of the gallery UI components.
I'm going to click on Preview.
A desktop preview will open
in another browser tab.
You could see I could
play the videos.
The dropdowns in
the upper left can
be used to preview
on a different device
type or a different
experience state.
Let's preview on
a mobile device.
Things look good to me.
I'm going to close
the Preview tab.
Let's go ahead and publish.
I'll click Publish in Embed
and then click Publish.
This will take a few seconds.
A couple of things to notice.
The publishing
status is up to date.
Remember, if you make any
changes to the experience,
those changes do
need to be published.
Notice there's a
shareable URL now.
I can give this URL
to others so they
can preview the experience.
We also have embed code now.
This is the publishing code that
we need to put on our web page
to have the experience display.
One last important
thing to mention.
Once I put this embed
code in my web page,
it doesn't have to be
changed unless I make changes
to the size of the experience.
That's important to understand.
For example, if I had
components or changed
the videos on this experience,
the embed code will not change.
However, if I go in and
make any changes here
to the layout size, then
the embed code would change,
and I would have to update
the embed code on those pages
where I have this experience.
OK.
In the next video, we'll
see how to add interactivity
to an experience.